Plan feature-slug-v5 (hydra-plan-1)
Complete the existing C command catalog-slug by implementing slugify in slug.c according to SPEC.md and slug.h, and deliver a buildable sealed source archive catalog.tar containing the integrated command (main.c, slug.c, slug.h, Makefile), not just a patch or a review. The existing CLI and public header are fixed. Requirements: normalization - ASCII letters become lowercase; digits remain; runs of other bytes become one hyphen between words; leading/trailing delimiters disappear; empty or delimiter-only input gives the empty string; non-ASCII bytes are delimiters and no Unicode transliteration is claimed. bounds - slugify(input, output, capacity) returns 0 and a terminated string on success; if the result does not fit, input is NULL, output is NULL, or capacity is zero, return -1; when output is non-NULL and capacity is positive, every error leaves output[0] equal to zero; never write outside capacity. cli - the existing command builds with strict C99 warnings and supports multiple arguments and --limit 1..64; an oversized slug fails with exit 2; existing command argument errors retain their behavior. The implementation worker returns raw C as its final answer; a composition step supplies the fixed slug.h include and terminating newline around it, builds catalog-slug and emits catalog.tar; the fixed acceptance scripts verify.sh and test_slug.c independently check the sealed final archive.

Context: SPEC.md , slug.h
Assumptions: The source repository is clean at HEAD; worker.txt, compose.sh, verify.sh, test_slug.c, main.c, slug.h, Makefile and SPEC.md are fixed acceptance material and must not be modified. , The opencode profile runs the implementation worker; its final text is written verbatim to the implementation output and must be raw C without Markdown fences or commentary. , worker.txt scopes the worker to reading only SPEC.md, slug.h and main.c, returning raw C source without running commands or touching tests; all execution and exercise is left to the independent verifier, which avoids the previous worker timeout. , worker.txt explicitly forbids repository edits, commits, spawned agents and changes to acceptance tests, so the worker step declares no repository writes. , A previous worker source handled NULL input correctly but omitted the slug.h include despite the prompt; compose.sh now deterministically prefixes the fixed slug.h include line and appends a terminating LF around the worker text, never modifying the worker function logic, and still strict-builds and runs the same smoke plus independent tests. , test_slug.c seeds output[0] with X before the NULL-input error case, so the clear-on-error contract is exercised from nonempty output; this is a strictly stronger check of the unchanged bounds criterion. , worker.txt explicitly highlights the error contract: with NULL input and a valid positive-capacity output, the error must clear output[0] even if it currently contains nonzero data. , verify.sh runs on a separate head, builds the sealed archive, compiles and runs test_slug.c, exercises the CLI, and always emits a pass verdict with the fixed requirement IDs normalization, bounds and cli on success; any failure exits nonzero. , Earlier runs' evidence is retained; this plan does not replay or alter it. , Heads feature-work-v5 and feature-check-v5 are fresh names created by this plan at the current repository HEAD, avoiding heads created by earlier runs; retries and repair budgets are zero.
Open questions:
Hosts: local
Tools: sh , profile:opencode
Effects: worktree , execute
Declared repository writes: feature-work-v5:slug.c , feature-work-v5:catalog-slug
Budgets: parallelism 2; wall time 900 seconds; artifacts 262144 bytes; heads 2; disk floor 1 MiB; retries 0; repairs 0

Work:
  spawn-work: work/spawn on local:feature-work-v5; after:
    recipe: {"branch":"feature-work-v5"}
  feature-work: work/exec on local:feature-work-v5; after: spawn-work
    recipe: {"head":"feature-work-v5","profile":"opencode","prompt_input":"worker_prompt","result_file":"implementation","timeout":240}
  feature-compose: compose/exec on local:feature-work-v5; after: feature-work
    recipe: {"argv":["sh","compose.sh"],"head":"feature-work-v5","timeout":120}
  spawn-check: work/spawn on local:feature-check-v5; after:
    recipe: {"branch":"feature-check-v5"}
  feature-check: verify/exec on local:feature-check-v5; after: feature-compose , spawn-check
    recipe: {"argv":["sh","verify.sh"],"head":"feature-check-v5","timeout":120}

Final deliverables:
  catalog: Sealed source archive catalog.tar containing main.c, slug.c, slug.h and Makefile with the implemented slugify and the integrated catalog-slug command. (feature-compose/catalog -> sealed run artifact)

Required acceptance:
  normalization: slugify maps ASCII letters to lowercase, keeps digits, collapses runs of other bytes into one hyphen between words, removes leading and trailing delimiters, yields the empty string for empty or delimiter-only input, and treats non-ASCII bytes as delimiters without claiming Unicode transliteration. [deliverable catalog, check slug-check]
  bounds: slugify(input, output, capacity) returns 0 and a terminated string on success; returns -1 when the result does not fit, input is NULL, output is NULL or capacity is zero; when output is non-NULL and capacity is positive every error leaves output[0] equal to zero; never writes outside capacity. [deliverable catalog, check slug-check]
  cli: The existing catalog-slug command builds with strict C99 warnings, supports multiple arguments and --limit 1..64, fails an oversized slug with exit 2, and retains existing command argument error behavior. [deliverable catalog, check slug-check]
  Check slug-check (executable): The fixed verify.sh checks the sealed final archive: expected tar members Makefile, main.c, slug.c, slug.h; build with strict C99 flags; compile and run test_slug.c covering normalization, exact-capacity, NULL/zero-capacity, guard-byte, NULL-input-clearing-from-nonempty-output and 10000-byte cases; exercise CLI multiple arguments, --limit 1..64 and exit codes including 2 for oversized slugs and argument errors; then emit verification.json with schema_version, verdict, subject_sha256 of the exact delivered subject bytes, requirements normalization/bounds/cli and evidence.; feature-check/verification evaluates catalog

Source: /private/var/folders/sp/gftbmpy17y1_q_6cp75p8gm40000gn/T/hydra-plan-qualification.qfxo96fd/feature
Source commit: 051a7785fdc0f293dd73555629f45a4c4434a183
Source fingerprint: 34cbbb87fd16b69bb30b8eef4c0d4b083f4225ebf81e98b7df15fc4f5ec6391f
Compiler: hydra-plan-1
Acceptance digest: 52fd010bf60601d861aaa5078b8c1cb8204b960845a34cce5cab94681f947b2b
Input worker_prompt: worker.txt (330505ea22256e16c1c44308a4f2796a25eb4f305bea7d870599a076bdb5f40c)
Run requires --accept with this exact digest. Policy is bound in the artifact.
Write scopes are declarations, not OS isolation. Coverage is traceability, not proof that the objective is satisfied.
