Plan research-scheduling-report-v4 (hydra-plan-1)
Deliver a completed research report comparing non-preemptive FCFS and SJF on the supplied jobs.csv trace (12 synthetic jobs, one server, exact known durations): mean waiting and turnaround per policy, nearest-rank p95 turnaround and maximum wait per policy with explanation of disagreement with means, worst-wait job per policy with the observed-wait versus starvation distinction, an explicit recommendation under p95 turnaround at most 22 and maximum wait at most 16 that plainly reports if neither policy qualifies, a retained schedule and metric reproducibility appendix, and stated scope limits. Measurement produces sealed evidence, an analyst interprets it, composition emits the final report with its reproducibility appendix, and an independent assessor verifies the sealed final artifact against SPEC.md. A correct report must state a failed constraint rather than relax the limits.

Context: SPEC.md
Assumptions: jobs.csv in the research repository is the authoritative dataset for this bounded question; no external research is performed. , measure.sh, compose.sh, assessment_prompt.sh, analyst.txt and assessor.txt are committed in the source repository and heads start at its HEAD, so no source edits are needed; assessor.txt's output contract requires all emitted text to be concatenated into one output file with the single final JSON object and all findings in its evidence string. , The previous analyst read only the three permitted files but reached its 240-second timeout while preparing the report; the analyze timeout is raised to 420 seconds and the assess timeout to 300 seconds, with the other three exec timeouts kept at 60, summing exactly 900 seconds within the unchanged policy. , Runtime inputs reach agents through prompt text built by the committed scripts, so no step needs external-directory read permissions. , The analyst and assessor are independent opencode profile sessions; the assessment prompt preparation is ordinary role work, not the assessment itself. , If either or both constraints (p95 turnaround <= 22, max wait <= 16) fail for both policies, the report must say neither qualifies instead of relaxing the limits. , No repository writes are declared; every product is a sealed artifact output. , No criteria, thresholds, data, tests or retry/repair budgets changed from the earlier attempts; only exec timeout allocation and head names were revised.
Open questions:
Hosts: local
Tools: sh , profile:opencode
Effects: worktree , execute
Declared repository writes:
Budgets: parallelism 2; wall time 900 seconds; artifacts 262144 bytes; heads 2; disk floor 1 MiB; retries 0; repairs 0

Work:
  spawn_work: work/spawn on local:research-work-v4; after:
    recipe: {"branch":"research-work-v4"}
  spawn_check: work/spawn on local:research-check-v4; after:
    recipe: {"branch":"research-check-v4"}
  measure: work/exec on local:research-work-v4; after: spawn_work
    recipe: {"argv":["sh","measure.sh"],"head":"research-work-v4","timeout":60}
  analyze: work/exec on local:research-work-v4; after: spawn_work , measure
    recipe: {"head":"research-work-v4","profile":"opencode","prompt_input":"prompt","result_file":"draft","timeout":420}
  compose: compose/exec on local:research-work-v4; after: spawn_work , measure , analyze
    recipe: {"argv":["sh","compose.sh"],"head":"research-work-v4","timeout":60}
  prepare: work/exec on local:research-check-v4; after: spawn_check , compose
    recipe: {"argv":["sh","assessment_prompt.sh"],"head":"research-check-v4","timeout":60}
  assess: verify/exec on local:research-check-v4; after: spawn_check , compose , prepare
    recipe: {"head":"research-check-v4","profile":"opencode","prompt_input":"prompt","result_file":"assessment","timeout":300}

Final deliverables:
  report: The completed research report (report.md) composed from the analyst draft plus the sealed metrics and schedule, including the reproducibility appendix; delivered as a run artifact. (compose/report -> sealed run artifact)

Required acceptance:
  means: Report mean waiting time and mean turnaround for both FCFS and SJF, with waiting = start - arrival and turnaround = finish - arrival. [deliverable report, check assessment]
  tails: Report p95 turnaround by nearest rank (ceil(0.95*n)) and the maximum wait for each policy, and explain why those can disagree with mean improvements. [deliverable report, check assessment]
  fairness: Identify the job with the worst wait for each policy using its schedule, and distinguish observed long waits from proof of starvation. [deliverable report, check assessment]
  recommendation: Choose a policy for this trace subject to p95 turnaround at most 22 and maximum wait at most 16, or explicitly report that neither policy qualifies; state both constraint checks explicitly and do not relax the limits. [deliverable report, check assessment]
  reproduce: Identify the data and method, provide enough results to reproduce the recommendation, and retain the schedule and metric appendix. [deliverable report, check assessment]
  limits: Explain the limits of 12 synthetic jobs, exact-duration knowledge, one server, non-preemption, and lack of general production evidence. [deliverable report, check assessment]
  Check assessment (assessment): An independent assessor (opencode profile in research-check-v4) receives the sealed report bytes with their SHA-256 plus the direct composition output, evaluates the complete report embedded in its prompt without searching for external output files, rereads only SPEC.md, jobs.csv and measure.sh in the current repository, and independently recomputes every quantity from the trace before judging. Per the committed output contract it emits a single raw JSON object with no preceding or trailing text, placing all findings in the evidence string. It verifies explicit mean waiting and turnaround for both policies, nearest-rank p95 turnaround and maximum wait with the mean-disagreement explanation, worst-wait job per policy with the observed-versus-starvation distinction, both stated constraint checks without relaxed limits and a justified choice or an explicit neither-qualifies finding, the retained metric and schedule appendix with data and method identification, and the scope limits. Verdict is fail if any of the six requirements is missing or incorrect; a passing exit alone is not a passing verdict.; assess/assessment evaluates report

Source: /private/var/folders/sp/gftbmpy17y1_q_6cp75p8gm40000gn/T/hydra-plan-qualification.qfxo96fd/research
Source commit: 1ec9bfc1dac62af8d197aefd35f73e679683de52
Source fingerprint: 533ef26c574e30a8860bd23f83eaeaef063e744ea13e01223fd1402dba0cc2fe
Compiler: hydra-plan-1
Acceptance digest: 462a1cd8c8fd816eb36f79284dabdaca6bbdb1746297ff443a6d93a1a7941f64
Input jobs: jobs.csv (e2defb4570fce55323d2f7d29d6ec45752028d997288b595699ef0ac6c138457)
Run requires --accept with this exact digest. Policy is bound in the artifact.
Write scopes are declarations, not OS isolation. Coverage is traceability, not proof that the objective is satisfied.
